# World_Weather_Analysis
## Challenge
For this challenge, we were tasked to make a Weather Database where we added two columns: Rain in Inches and Snow in Inches. These two columns helped further nail down where the traveler(client of mine) wanted to go and his/her requirements for the destination. After creating a database, we then created a file called Vacation_Search.ipynb which filtered their preferences into whether they wanted rain or snow and based on their responses in the input code (rain_question = input("Do you want it to be raining? (yes/no) " and "snow_question = input("Do you want it to be snowing? (yes/no) ") I filtered the cities and hotels  they would be more interested in going by creating a new DataFrame called preferred_cities_df and used the .loc() function showing the types of areas they would like to go based on their answers. I then created code and iterated through the index and rows of the hotel_df based on the params I set (# Set parameters to search for a hotel: params{'radius':5000,'type':'lodging','key':g_key}). From there I created a google map showing them all of the markers where they would be most interested in traveling. Lastly, I created a file called Vacation_Itinerary.ipynb where I picked 4 cities that I believed the traveler would most like to go and created DataFrames for each city showing the city, current description of the weather, max temp, location(coordinates), and hotel name in each city chosen. I then created directions from the first city to the next 3 cities using google api directions and then created markers for each city chosen as well. The traveler would just have to click on the marker on the google map and it would display all the pertinent information needed in order to formulate their trip plans.

This project was very interesting and challenging utilizing API's to simulate data to the use and create working applications. I learned even more about Python in this module, especially after completing the challenge successfully.
